ENG-4072: Add documentation on configuring and using voice messages for MFA (#4207)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/apis/_tenant-response-body-base.mdx

    The Id of the SMS template that is used when notifying a user to complete a two-factor authentication request.
  </APIField>

  <APIField name={props.base_field_name + '.multiFactorConfiguration.voice.enabled'} type="Boolean" since="1.65.0">

>     When enabled, users may utilize a mobile phone number to complete a voice two-factor authentication request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When enabled, users can receive a spoken multi-factor authentication code over a phone call.
```
Same as above.

Author: Changed.
